♪♪
- [Call button dings]
- Oh, God!
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
That is hot. That is hot pasta.
This is all over the place.
I spilled hot pasta!
Is it...
I got it on your shirt and your pants.
Can we get some help over here?
I spilled it on... on...
What's your name? Scott?
It's on the wall. Can we get somebody?
[Call button dings]
Sleeping pill?
Oh, I've been slamming
this wine, so... two?
- Yes, please.
- [Chuckles]
- [Call button dings]
- Todd, your snacks are not in here.
Are you even looking?
[Sighs] Just eat some peanuts.
Man, I can't wait to get drunk.
You're already drunk.
I can't wait to get drunker.
- [Call button dings]
- I-I know it's Milwaukee.
I-I love it.
It's like the Miami
of the Midwest. Okay.
You gonna stop breathing
on my suit, man?
- [Call button dings]
- Let me tell you something, Arthur.
Google's shitting their pants right now.
Google Glass? More like Google Ass.
[Call button dings]
I didn't get a bag of nuts. Um...
Oh, you're busy.
[Call button dinging]
[Knock on door]
Rosa: Owen.
Ow! Shit!
[Dinging continues, knock on door]
Owen?
Yeah.
Mm.
Hi. Hey.
Rosa: Hi.
Did you not hear the call button, or...?
Oh, my God, no. Did they...
[Call button dinging]
Okay.
Do you know why you're a terrible
- flight attendant, Owen?
- Yeah.
I'll tell you why...
because you don't care about people.
You don't let people in.
All of these people, they look to us.
That call button, it's a call to action.
Okay?
You need to connect with these people.
Well, I need to clean
up after these people.
I need you to connect
with at least one person
before this flight is over.
Can you do that?
Can you do that for me, Owen?
Yes. Yes, I can, Rosa.
Great.
Now, there's a great big fat man in 7D.
He just spilled a whole bunch
of hot pasta right in his lap.
I'm gonna need you to go clean that up.
[Sighs]
Oh, I got hot pasta. I got hot pasta.
[Call button dings]
Yeah, so, I been working for my dad.
Can I really level with you, Owen?
What I really want to be is a cop.
Helping people, gun in my hand,
firing it in the air.
Buh! Buh! Buh! [Laughs]
Sorry, what was your question, again?
Can I get you a hot towel?
- [Rattling]
- Okay.
Was that normal?
No... Yeah, it is. It happens.
Whew. Cool.
'Cause I was about to freak...
[Thudding, screaming]
Whoa!
[Screaming]
[Rare Earth's
"I Just Want to Celebrate" plays]
Man: One, two, three, four.
♪ I just want to celebrate
another day of livin' ♪
another day of life ♪
♪ Had my hand on a dollar bill,
and the dollar bill blew away ♪
♪ But the sun is
shining down on me ♪
♪ And it's here to
stay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ That's why I'm telling you
I just want to celebrate ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Another day of livin' ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just want to celebrate
another day of... ♪
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
[Distorted] Aah!
Owen!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
[Normal voice] It's Danny. Remember me?
I'm saving your life, dude!
- What happened?
- What?
We crashed, man.
We are surrounded by crashed airplane.
Let's go!
- Come on, get up.
- [Grunts]
Get out of the water. Come on.
[Screaming]
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- What the f...
- Look!
Whoa-ho-ho!
Holy shit, that guy's handsome.
What is he, like 6'5" or something?
He's coming over here.
Everybody look cool.
All right, look cool, look cool.
[English accent] You three okay?
No! I'm not okay!
I don't have my phone. I'm very scared.
- My back is feeling very weird.
- Shh!
Look at me.
One breath in, one breath out.
As long as you don't
lose yourself in here,
you'll be fine out there.
How do you feel?
I feel great, actually.
I feel amazing.
- Are you a doctor, or...?
- Might as well be, mate.
I spent 10 years in the
British Special Forces.
That's cool!
- No way!
- Of course you did!
Guys, focus.
You... You're a flight attendant.
- What's the protocol?
- What protocol?
They haven't trained you for this?
- How would they train me for this?
- Okay.
Gentlemen, I need you three to split up,
- help anywhere you can, okay?
- Yeah.
Whoa!
[Shirt rips]
Let's go.
Oh, my God.
[Chuckling] Oh.
- Terribly sorry.
- [Grunts]
Whoa-ho-ho-ho!
♪♪
- No way!
- [Laughs]
- Whoa!
- Oh! He got it!
Guys!
- Oh, yeah.
- Right. Yes. Okay.
Uh...
I'll help them.
Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay.
- Who do you want? Who do you want?!
- Uh...
Hey, help, please!
Just when you get a chance!
I can feel my knees
starting to smoosh together!
Uh...
Has anyone seen my inhaler?
I'll take her.
She looks totally fine.
No, there's no time!
You take the old man
with the gross legs!
Steve: If you find
yourself on a loose end.
God damn it!
- I'm coming!
- Thank you.
How does this even happen?
Steve: I was involved in a crash.
Have you got it?
Use your legs, not your back.
Form doesn't matter when you're
trying to lift 10,000 pounds.
Wow.
- That's heavy.
- [Grunts]
♪♪
Hey, you guys okay?
I don't know.
We both took a couple of sleeping pills,
but I'm not even...
[Slurring] I don't even feel it.
[Distorted laughing]
♪♪
[Distorted] Okay.
Are you flirting with me?
I don't even know you.
[Laughs]
[Normal voice] Oh, okay.
No, that's okay. Ow.
[Gasping]
Are you okay?
I need my... my inhaler.
Okay, okay. Look at me.
One breath in, one breath out.
[Exhales sharply]
As long as you don't
lose yourself in here,
then, uh, you're gonna be...
things are gonna be...
you're gonna be fine out there.
- How do you feel?
- Better.
- Really?
- Are you a doctor?
No.
I'm a cop.
Jess! I found your inhaler.
Did you even look for my Oakleys?
What the hell is going on here?
Oh, my God, Todd!
He was just trying to help me, okay?
He's a cop.
I'm a cop.
More like he's trying to cop...
a feel of your boobs!
Wow.
It's wordplay.
Why are you even wearing that?
- I can't get it off.
- Oh...
Well, if this is how I
go, this is how I go.
Do us a favor, will you?
Just tell my ex-wife I forgive her.
Eric's a nice guy.
He's got a young face.
Just never trusted a grown
man who rides a scooter.
What are you talking...
Is that my bag?
Aah!
Hey, hey!
I'm out!
Get the [bleep] bag!
Right.
Aah!
Here's your man bag.
Yes!
[Screams]
[Giggling] Oh, no. You want to cuddle?
Okay. Uh...
Are you gonna steal my blanket?
Okay, don't fall asleep. No, no, no, no.
Wake up. Hey. Excuse me.
Oh, God! Oh, my God!
[Both screaming]
[Gasping]
We're all gonna die.
It's okay. It's okay.
Hey, hey, no one is gonna die, okay?
Help is on the way right now.
_
God damn it.
You guys have a charger for like a 5?
5S? 6?
- Sorry.
- Okay.
Guys, I just hit low battery.
Owen, you're a flight attendant.
Level with me. Are we
getting saved or not?
Danny: Nope.
What? Why not?
Nobody cares about a plane crash
unless there's a famous
ass in one of those seats.
So, unless Brendan Fraser was
lounging in first class...
- Brendan Fraser?
[Chuckles]
You guys think if Brendan
Fraser was in a plane crash
it wouldn't be the top
story in the country?
- No.
Owen: Not at all.
Brendan Fraser, star of "The Mummy,"
"The Mummy Returns," "Mummy IV."
My least-famous client
is way more famous than Brendan Fraser.
You're insulting me
to my core right now.
The whole reason I
wanted to become a cop
is because I asked myself,
what would Brendan Fraser
do if he wasn't an actor?
Don't... Don't tell people that.
Whatever.
The point is...
we may be here for a while.
It's got me thinking about
our roles on this island.
I see three very capable men here,
all right?
We shouldn't just be hanging back.
We should be leading these people.
I mean, Owen, you're
a natural-born leader.
No, I'm not.
- You're a flight attendant.
- Oh, that is true.
What do you guys think
a flight attendant does?
These people need us, all right?
It's our duty.
If not us, then who?
Liam: Excuse me! Everyone!
If we could all gather
'round the fire for a camp meeting.
That guy.
Thought you were gonna get here
early and get us good seats.
- We're sitting in the dirt.
- Shh! Shh!
I should have brought my guitar.
[Laughter]
Jokes aside,
it's been three days since the crash.
And the hard truth is if
they knew where we were,
they would have bloody been here by now.
So, no one's coming?
That's an excellent question,
Diane from Toledo.
No, they are not.
[Crowd murmuring]
That is why I've come up with a plan.
Now, most planes have life rafts.
They're equipped with an
emergency location transmitter.
If we can locate this ELT,
that's our best chance
for getting saved.
I know this
because I spent 10 years in
the British Special Forces.
Wow!
He already said that.
What was that like?
What sort of things did...
Now, we know some of the
wreckage landed in the jungle.
That's why tomorrow,
I'm going on a hike.
Owen and I are gonna go with you.
I...
I'll go. I'll go.
Danny: You're gonna need
some help from some guys.
You can think of us as your co-leaders.
Look, uh, gentlemen, I, uh...
I appreciate the gesture.
- Count me in.
- I'll go, too.
I'll probably have to stay here, Liam.
I'm [bleep]
Everyone, look,
anyone who wants to go can go.
No, I can't go, Liam.
But be prepared.
'Cause we don't know what's
waiting for us out there.
[All scream]
The hot limey's right.
Did you just kill that boar?
Oh, you tell me, short stuff. Huh?
Now, I'm going with you.
Because out there,
you either kill your dinner...
or you become the dinner.
Who are you?
♪♪
Hey, hey, look what I
found. [Chuckling] Oh.
You know, Danny, again, this whole
enthusiastically robbing-the-dead thing
- is just kind of...
- Ha!
Is that an Air Marshal badge?
- I think so. It's got a star.
- [Laughs]
I'll smoke on this plane if I want to.
Huh? You land the plane.
[Chuckling] All right.
The chunky cop's going
through a lot of bags.
You're like Harrison Ford in
"Air Force One."
I am like Harrison
Ford in "Air Force One."
A little bit.
"Get off my plane."
Todd, why don't you just come with me?
Because, Jess,
someone needs to stay behind
and build us a shelter.
All the good stuff's gonna get taken.
We need our own spot.
Oh, really? Really, Todd?
Now you want to move in together?
Now that you're literally stuck with me?
Yeah, I think we're ready.
- Oh, my God!
- What?
That's pretty convenient, Todd,
as we've only been
dating for seven years...
Seven, Todd!
That... That's a middle-aged dog.
We talked about this.
I'm not getting a dog!
I don't want a dog, Todd!
Even if it's hypoallergenic,
it's still no.
And, two...
this isn't about us.
This is about us beating
everyone else, okay?
Oh, my God.
- It's survival of the fittest.
- Right.
There's the strong... [Grunting]
And there's the weak. Bleh!
Frick me.
You are such a dick.
Hey!
Come on, Jess.
Goodbye!
Hey!
I'm a dick for us.
You're a tiny baby of a man!
Whatever... I love you!
Steve: Oh, come on, Steve!
Aah!
The hell are these things?
♪♪
So much for our girls' trip.
Oh, my God.
I just realized that if
we're stuck on this island,
we may never see Brie again.
Who's Brie?
No, like, the cheese.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Let's just say hypothetically
we don't find the ELT.
What do you think would happen?
I mean, I know that there's
no real way of knowing...
- Chaos.
- Oh, God!
With limited supplies,
people will fight, plunder, kill...
probably with rocks or shards
of glass to the eyes or throat.
That's what I'd do. Trust me...
This island's gonna get
"Lord of the Flies" real fast.
Thank you for that...
Karen from Bing.
And let me tell you something...
The only thing keeping this
shitstorm at bay is that Brit.
Pack: Guys, guys, guys.
I was just up there talking with Liam,
and he didn't say it,
but I'm pretty sure he killed Bin Laden.
Jess: Hey, guys!
Liam found the nose of the plane!
- Holy shit.
- Shit.
Okay. Everyone spread out.
The ELT is about the size of
a gentleman's attaché case.
And remember...
this may be our last chance
for getting off this island.
This is it, man.
This is our chance to be leaders.
- All we have to do is find...
- Found it!
Son of a bitch, he's good!
Is that it?
When I pull this cord,
the raft should automatically inflate,
activating the ELT.
Take a step back.
Now, how about we get ourselves saved?
Huh?
[All shout]
- Oh!
[Creaking]
[Clattering]
[Coughing]
Okay. We can fix this. We can fix this.
Emma, you're a doctor! Do something!
I can't lift a plane.
Lift it. We can lift it, together.
All of us, right?
Danny, his head just
went through his ass.
There's nothing to save here.
I don't know!
I'm just very flustered right now!
Oh, we're dead. We're dead!
Guys, guys!
Guys, it's gonna... It's gonna be fine.
Because it's only been four days,
and they're still coming for us.
I found the ELT.
It smashed against a tree.
We're gonna die.
We're gonna die, we're gonna die.
- [Whimpers]
- Oh, God.
What are we gonna tell the others?
The truth.
We tell them the truth.
We can't... We can't tell them...
Owen, they need us.
No, they need Liam.
We are not the guys to fix this.
Yes, we are.
I believe that people are good and...
and reasonable.
And if we're honest with them,
they'll listen.
We'll tell them that, yes, Liam is dead,
and, yes, the ELT is broken, but...
As long as we don't
lose ourselves in here,
we'll be fine out there.
We're all gonna die!
[Indistinct shouting]
Oi! Katie, leave that man alone.
[Screams]
[Laughs]
I will murder you!
[Screams]
That call button, it's a call to action.
Oh, God damn it.
Passengers! Passengers!
If I could have your attention, please!
Guys!
Oh, Danny, Danny, Danny.
You've got to help me get
these people's attention, man.
Come on.
Please, Danny.
I got an idea.
Okay.
Oh, my God! Where did you get a gun?
It was with the badge. Stand back.
Everybody shut up and listen!
Owen's got something to say!
Why should we listen to him?
♪♪
'Cause I'm a goddamn flight attendant.
Also, I have a gun.
Listen, I know that you guys are...
are scared.
I'm scared, too.
Okay?
We lost probably the most
capable person on the island.
And certainly the most attractive.
But something amazing also happened.
Guys, we survived a plane crash.
I mean, do you understand how
incredibly lucky that we are?
It's like we're hurdling
through the sky in a metal tube
at 1,000 miles an hour,
and then we just, like, hit the ground.
We should all be very dead right now.
And we're not.
I think that if we can
survive that plane crash,
we can survive this island.
How?
That's a great question,
Diane from Topeka.
Toledo.
Yeah.
Pack, you said earlier that
there's got to be something
on this island that
sends a signal, right?
I mean, it's the 21st century.
There's got to be.
Great!
Karen, you killed a boar last night,
I think maybe with your bare hands,
which is insane.
But as long as we have
somebody like Karen,
we're gonna have food, yeah?
Emma, you're a doctor.
If we pool our talents together,
there's absolutely no way...
Hey! Check it out!
Daddy found the drink cart.
Yeah, but, guys...
You guys want to get shit-housed?
Yes, please.
Let's get weird!
[All cheering]
♪ Eastside with it,
seven trey hit it ♪
♪ Got a mag in the club
with a dub on the fitted ♪
♪ Me and Mac ride
like we supposed to ♪
♪ I'm a real West Coaster,
put you on a poster ♪
♪ Gangsta to the bone,
got the hood on my shoulders ♪
♪ Livin' like a felon,
got my hand on the toaster ♪
♪ Do this for my
dawgs and my locstas ♪
♪ Watts City do it
real like I told ya ♪
♪ We too gangsta for TV ♪
♪ That's why you don't see us ♪
♪ But they still wanna be us ♪
♪ But we let 'em,
we don't sweat 'em ♪
♪ Let 'em come up, then we get 'em ♪
♪ Ha-ha! ♪
♪ We too gangsta for TV ♪
♪ That's why you don't see us ♪
♪ But they still wanna be us ♪
♪ But we let 'em,
we don't sweat 'em ♪
♪ Let 'em come up, then we get 'em ♪
♪ Ha-ha! ♪
♪ We too gangsta for TV ♪
♪ That's why you don't see us ♪
We're all gonna live forever!
[All cheering]
Aloha, babies.
Crazy night, right?
Drank all our booze, ate all our food.
I can't find any water anywhere,
which is funny.
Life, huh? It's big.
What happens now?
Well, we should probably get Steve down.
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org